[ENH] Document configurable origins and move environment variables into TSV (#68)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/infrastructure.md

Below are all the possible Neurobagel environment variables that can be set in `.env`.

{{ read_table('./api_environment_variables.tsv') }}

_* These defaults are configured for a Stardog backend - you should not have to change them if you are running a Stardog backend._

_** `NB_API_ADDRESS` should not be changed from its default value (`graph`) when using docker compose as this corresponds to the preset container name of the graph database server within the docker compose network._

> _&dagger; See section [Using a graphical query tool to send API requests](#a-note-on-using-a-graphical-query-tool-to-send-api-requests)_

Reviewer: :cherries: Likewise, not sure this is the correct notation
```suggestion
_&Dagger; See section [Using a graphical query tool to send API requests](#a-note-on-using-a-graphical-query-tool-to-send-api-requests)_
```

To do so, you must explicitly specify the origin(s) for the frontend using `NB_API_ALLOWED_ORIGINS` in `.env`. 

For example, the [`.template-env`](https://github.com/neurobagel/api/blob/main/.template-env) file in the Neurobagel API repo assumes you want to allow API requests from a query tool hosted at a specific port on `localhost`.

Other examples:
```bash
# ---- .env file ----

# do not allow requests from any frontend origins
NB_API_ALLOWED_ORIGINS=""  # this is the default value that will also be set if the variable is excluded from the .env file

# allow requests from only one origin
NB_API_ALLOWED_ORIGINS="https://query.neurobagel.org"

# allow requests from 3 different origins
NB_API_ALLOWED_ORIGINS="https://query.neurobagel.org https://localhost:3000 http://localhost:3000"

# allow requests from any origin - use with caution
NB_API_ALLOWED_ORIGINS="*"
```

**A note for more technical users:** If you have configured an NGINX reverse proxy (or proxy requests to the remote origin) to serve both the API and the query tool from the same origin, you can skip the step of enabling CORS for the API. 

> For an example, see https://stackoverflow.com/a/28599481.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example, see https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/web-server/reverse-proxy/.
```
I think for our public docs, the official NGINX docs are better.
